hello friends I only gave a pass coming but you
will have an area produces here today already have
long time she has about 15
years already
and it involves so well and always right
one lady was missing a search and
see if you find a used guitar
by the single market a good way
sometimes staff have this kind of
guitar for example
and sometimes you want to sell because you think
You're old, and I always get
Do these things and make friends.
Marcel, you're here with me then.
Come on, the guitar sound like you
they say everything by pass on in ms 50 but
if I say that potent now it adds
my faults and do those old ones
chords for you to compare the team with
all the others I've done
reads
the sale takes place at great
well the original idea that has a
alia pro is why please committed
place on a newer model but with a
victim that is what almost a decade in the
Then he wants to play and now
otherwise it will be cover of g
i
on the ball
the arms bridge pickers are the hp da
hb hot da sallve at the time I put
is
ie ii
ae
i
Hey
Lord Savior is more serious, fuller.
and also the government is to leave it this way
so much more fat, huh?
so it's a lot to take away that the class sees
and cheap on the free market the way
the first channel and hit the
I then sent it or moved it.
I have here ivory and here jacaranda
the key
Then I just wanted to put glue
often long stop giving a
general and play a little to be well
do not ruin
i
elg is e
and she
is
Hey
and that's it, I'll play later
scavengers have only the window and got it
stay cool
hug and until the next video motorzinho
fashion and earned